---
title: "mallu vibes"
date: 2023-05-10
---


Kerala is a beautiful state located in the southwestern part of India. It is known for its stunning beaches, tranquil backwaters, lush green forests, serene hill stations, and rich cultural heritage. This state is rightly called "God's Own Country" due to its natural beauty.

The backwaters of Kerala are a unique attraction that you cannot miss. The network of interconnected canals, lagoons, and lakes that run parallel to the Arabian Sea coast provide a peaceful and serene experience for visitors. You can take a leisurely boat ride, stay in a traditional houseboat, or even go fishing in the backwaters.

Kerala is also famous for its beautiful beaches, with some of the most popular ones being Kovalam, Varkala, and Marari. These beaches are perfect for relaxing and enjoying the sun, sand, and sea. You can also indulge in various water sports activities like surfing, parasailing, and water skiing.

The hill stations of Kerala offer breathtaking views of the Western Ghats mountain range. Munnar, Wayanad, and Thekkady are some of the popular hill stations in Kerala. They are perfect for trekking, camping, and enjoying the beautiful scenery.

Kerala also has several wildlife sanctuaries and national parks, such as Periyar National Park and Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary. These parks and sanctuaries are home to a variety of flora and fauna, including tigers, elephants, leopards, and several species of birds.

In addition to its natural beauty, Kerala is also known for its rich cultural heritage. The state has a long and fascinating history, and its people are proud of their traditions. Overall, Kerala is a must-visit destination for anyone looking for a unique and memorable travel experience.
